Workplace Wellbeing
Mental health courses designed to help your business grow.



Hello, I'm Yohan

Through Great Minds I provide proven mental health and wellbeing solutions to organisations. Each course is designed to help your business increase productivity, reduce absenteeism and improve overall health, performance and resilience of your employees.

CONTACT ME

Free wellbeing tips
Receive free wellbeing tips in your inbox every week for a year. Each tip is based on my work with organisations to provide proven mental health and wellbeing solutions. They are designed to help you increase your productivity, health, creativity and resilience.

FREE WELLBEING TIPS



Transform your team

Mental health & wellbeing training
Whether your workforce has unmanageable levels of stress, individuals that require skills to help support others emotionally, or is simply in need of some effective wellbeing tips, Great Minds can help you.


Tangible business benefits
The training we deliver increases productivity, reduces absence, reduces staff turnover, and helps create an open healthy and happy workforce.


Positive training experience
You will leave our training full of new ideas and information that you can implement straight away. Our training is motivating, engaging and fun delivered in an interactive way through a variety of activities and group discussions.


Develop your wellbeing strategy</h4>
Great Minds can look at the health and wellbeing of your organisation as a whole and build, develop and implement a wellbeing strategy to fit your needs.


Highly experienced trainer
You can expect to be in the safe hands of a trainer with many years’ experience in delivering wellbeing training, alongside extensive corporate experience, and an inspiring personal journey.


Safe environment
Your comfort and safety are paramount when attending our courses. We are experts in creating a safe and confidential environment to help facilitate learning.